it really is just dropping into
a world that you don't know what
you're gonna find
it's scary when you don't know
what's going on and then as soon
as you see it it turns into
something beautiful
it doesn't feel totally totally
sick so they are still wild
animals
you never know exactly what they
are going to do any of the
Sharks tried to fight
no but
when I was down with black
parallely for their unfortunate
silvery color and they splash
around in the water kind of like
fish to go
let's try to get pictures of you
female blocks
what a little too interested in
my lasers to Krypton circling
around really close by
towards the end of the dive she
actually came right towards the
right in front of me and when I
like this trying to get my
ladies and I just sort of wave
around trying to get them away
from her and I quickly got the
package my body and then
have left me alone
yeah she's kind of after my gear
part of my drive to come here is
to show people in other side of
these animals they're they're
not just the monster that you'll
see in Jaws there they're not
really malicious there just no
animal trying to survive like a
really happy place with you
people